Hey, good morning family.
Well, I have two videos for you today.
So, I'm going to release the second one, but I thought I would address some things about the last AI video.
And so, you know, an industrial revolution is happening—I've told you all that, a new one with AI.
And so, people say, 'Well, how?
There are so many questions and so many people asking, can you address this?
' This is where I'll go with it.
I'll make it as short as possible.
This AI is not going anywhere.
This is going to explode at a rapid pace like we've never seen before.
And when this takes place, all these technological advancements that have just been in a box, caged, are going to be released now.
We're seeing it being released in 2025.
You're seeing it being released with Google, all these major companies, right?
So, can you avoid it?
Can you avoid this AI stuff?
No.
Can you avoid electricity?
Can you avoid the internet?
It's part of life.
It's part of society.
It's the lifeblood of everything, the internet.
Without the internet now, our whole society would collapse.
So, what we're seeing with AI in the future is it's going to evolve into something that's so big that you will not get away from it.
Okay.
So what I was trying to say yesterday was we do not pray or ask any questions to it.
Do not ever put AI in a position of God.
That's just a no-brainer.
But for some of you, obviously, it is probably not, but it is to my family.
We don't talk in tongues or pray in tongues.
We do not pray in tongues to AI and have a computer interpret our prayer language.
We do not ask these—when they said, 'Why did you ask this?
' Listen, the questions that I was asking AI were, 'Is it okay for you to be homosexual?
Is it okay for you to be a Christian and do these things?
' That's the kind of questions I was asking AI because I was like, 'How deceitful is it?
Will it line up with the Word?
' And surprisingly, it lined up with the Word.
It was trying to get you to really want to be its friend.
Even the subtle talking of it was very—it pulled on you.
And I told Diana, I said, 'This is straight up out of hell.
You can feel it.
' And I don't know, folks.
It's just me.
It's me as a watchman trying to warn you all.
This is what's coming.
It will desensitize you to the point that you will think it is a friend.
And I even saw TikToks and things Diana was showing me with people walking around saying, 'AI is my best friend.
' And they were singing and dancing with it.
And it was like a figure like God, and they were dancing around with this saying that it's their new counselor, their new comforter, their new helper.
And I was like, 'Oh my gosh, this is so dangerous.
This is so dangerous.
' So, do you not talk to it at all?
That's on you.
But if you work with it and you use it for good—you know, you can use anything for bad or good, folks—but I'm saying there's a side of it that is going to be very demonic.
Treat it like a tool versus a person.
Yes, treating it like a tool versus a person.
And you're not going to be able to get away from it in the future.
It's going to be a part of the fabric of society, just like the internet.
And most people, when the TV came out and things like that came out, they said, 'Well, this is the devil and 666 and all this other stuff.
' Well, you know, we're all fighting to get on the TV to spread the gospel.
We're all fighting to get on YouTube to spread the gospel.
But AI, I don't know how we could spread the gospel.
I don't know, folks.
All I know is what I see.
And I'm telling you, there's a storm coming.
There's a storm coming of great deception, and many people will fall for it in the days ahead.
So, number two, I'm going to tell you this, and I'm going to be really blunt with it, and it'll probably tick some of you off, and that's fine.
I told you I feel I'm called to be as loud as I can in these last days, like John the Baptist crying in the wilderness, telling you Jesus Christ is coming and to repent and get your life right.
And so, this is what we have for you today: what's coming in World War III.
So, if you want to know about what's coming with World War III, here you go.
God bless y'all.
After the last video, I know I had to get off quickly because I had my air conditioning guy come, and he says, 'Hey, Brandon, your compressor went out on your air conditioner.
' And I told Diana, I go, 'Well, praise the Lord, y'all.
Look at what President Trump said about Putin.
' He said, 'He's crazy, right?
Can you believe this?
' Now look, go back to 2023: I told you all I saw a great Apollyon.
And the Lord said, 'This is the great Apollyon that you are seeing.
' And I saw an angelic-looking demonic thing in a pit hole with chains wrapped around it.
I saw an angel of the Lord come down and release the great Apollyon out of the pit.
And it came up, and it started spinning like a top, spinning like a top.
And I told you it had a shaggy thing looking fur with Viking helmet horns.
It had horns, and it was spinning, and it went right over to Putin and it started to oppress Putin to create greater war in the days ahead.
And the Lord said, 'This is what's coming.
' And when I saw this take place, I saw Putin start being a tyrant.
And people go, 'Well, I like Putin'—some people.
I have Russians on this channel, I have Ukrainians, I have all kinds of different people.
So, I'm just telling you what I saw.
I'm not here picking at your man you like.
I'm just telling you what I saw, okay?
So, I saw him become demonically energized.
When this takes place, he started influencing things in Syria, in Russia—started influencing Syria and Israel and all these other things, right?
So, we see an escalation.
Whenever I told you he had his cards, he had his cards, five-card draw, like a poker face, and he was looking.
I saw North Korea joining up even more with him.
In the spirit realm, I have seen and heard some things behind closed doors that nobody else knows and sees.
Kind of like it was in the Bible whenever the prophet would hear what the enemy's plans were being done and things were being said, and they said, 'How do they know what's coming?
How do they know our plans?
' because there was a prophet in the midst.
Now, I'm not calling myself a prophet, but I'm a watchman, and the Lord told me these meetings would take place.
Side note: what happened then?
I saw him striking Poland, by Warsaw, with a weapon that has never been used before on the face of the earth, ever.
And the media, everybody will say when this takes place—we pray it does not—but if this would take place, this is what I saw.
I saw news articles, news headlines on YouTube, on news outlets saying, 'We have never seen this kind of a weapon used before,' and it disintegrated, it vaporized everybody, but it did not destroy the buildings in the Warsaw, Poland area.
And it was like a 50-mile radius, a massive weapon of mass destruction.
And it was not nuclear, but it disintegrated the people.
It vaporized the people.
Cars, nothing; houses, nothing; people, yes.
I've never seen anything like it, okay?
When this takes place—if it does, pray God it doesn't, but it was in the Warsaw area—okay, when this takes place, if it does, I saw World War III headlines.
WW3, big, everybody joined in.
He had coalitions with China, Iran, North Korea, and so on.
There were people that he had alliances with coming to his aid, and it was a major blown-out deal.
America joined in, and I saw a draft.
I saw a draft.
I saw the men and women—and I'm just rehearsing the vision, I'm just rehearsing my prayer time like I always do, this was in 2023, okay—I saw the men and women lining up for a draft going towards Europe.
Do we see that coming?
I pray not, because I saw in the headlines Poland is getting involved, and they were doing stuff, and it shocked Russia, and I went, 'Oh no.
' I told Braden, I said, "Oh no, son, this is what I saw.
" I said, "They provoke Russia.
They provoke Russia.
" And this, I say, we're looking for an event to provoke Russia.
Is this the event?
I have no idea.
I just tell you what I see.
Side note of another vision that the Lord gave us when we were praying.
I saw a black and yellow hypnotic wheel coming from them for false flag events.
And this involved Israel.
I saw it to create a boogeyman.
I'm very watchful over what I tell you and how I present it.
But I saw it to create a boogeyman because Trump wanted to go at Iran as being diplomatic and trying to negotiate things.
And I saw Benjamin Netanyahu saying, "Let's push the button.
Let's push the button and attack the facilities—the gas, petroleum facilities, all of it.
But we have to have a reason to attack.
" That's what I kept hearing.
"We have to have a reason to attack.
" So instead of waiting on America to join, there was butting heads.
But it was still a Jonathan and David type of relationship.
You can agree to disagree with people without excommunicating them.
You know, "Well, I don't want—I'm out of here.
" No, I saw a Jonathan and David relationship.
I saw great wealth in the Mediterranean by Gaza through oil—massive amounts, billions of dollars of oil in the Mediterranean.
Maybe, I don't know.
All I know is what I saw.
Natural gas reserves.
I saw wealth beyond anybody's comprehension coming out of the Mediterranean on the coastline of Israel and Gaza, all where the war has been.
So we see this escalation with Trump and Bibi.
I have the news articles right here to tell you what's being said.
My son is going to put those on there right now—two Israeli news sites warning about the same thing, that there's a rift, that he wants to go ahead and attack and Trump wants to say, "Hold your horses, buddy.
Let's be diplomatic here and give them a chance.
" Will there be a provoking?
That's what I'm asking you all now because that's what I saw.
I saw a provoking.
I saw false flag events.
I saw a boogeyman.
So, do we see that?
I pray not because it's more escalation.
And so, right now, we have a lot to pray about.
We have a lot of different areas that we could pray.
We have a major event coming up in America on Trump's birthday.
They're wanting to on the 14th or 15th of June, they're having a big military parade.
And usually, I mean honestly, through my whole life, I don't ever think I've ever seen a military parade of this magnitude before.
Why are we doing this?
Why are we flexing with all these tanks and all this stuff?
Is it to celebrate Trump's birthday?
I mean, maybe.
I don't know.
I just never have heard of something like this before.
I'm just telling you all we're on the cusp of something.
I can feel it.
I can feel it with the earthquakes and the volcanoes and the things the Lord keeps showing me.
"There's major shaking where I'm going to shake the earth with earthquakes.
I'm going to shake the heavens above.
I'm going to shake the politics.
I'm going to shake the church.
I'm going to expose preachers and ministers that are in wolves' clothing.
And I'm going to remove them in the days ahead," says the Lord.
"And I will bring up new Davids, people who have a backbone like a crowbar that will go and take the land for me like Joshua and Caleb.
" This is what the spirit of the Lord said to me.
"I'm going to shake the church and I'm going to shake the financial system.
I'm going to shake five major things in the days ahead.
" He said, "So, we're seeing all these things being shaken at once: the church, politics, wars, rumors of wars, the earth being shaken, earthquakes in all kinds of diverse places, and we haven't seen the heavens yet.
I'm really curious about that.
" I told you all we would see fish that we've never seen before.
Now, I'm looking for those fish.
Fish will wash up on the shore that will be gassed by some kind of poison because of the earth erupting on the ocean floor on the bottom of the deep out in the Pacific Ocean, out in the Atlantic Ocean, and in the Mediterranean area.
Watch earthquakes in diverse places, volcanoes going.
The Earth's crust is shaking and quaking, and the Ring of Fire.
People are freaking out.
They're going, "Hey!
" But it's been about Japan.
I told you I saw tsunamis.
I saw things that most people, if you look—I told you if you are going horizontal and you're looking like this, it'll freak you out.
And the Bible even told us that men's hearts will fail them for fear looking after those things coming upon the earth, "for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.
" Things are going to be shaken.
He already warned us in the Bible that this was coming.
So if you're looking horizontal and you're not looking vertical, keeping your eyes on Jesus, knowing the author and the finisher of our faith, that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And if He provided protection for the children of Israel, if He provided for the protection of His people all throughout the Bible, all throughout generation after generation, He is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And He told me—I was driving down I-35 in Oklahoma, and He said to me as I was exiting off of Covell on I-35, I was making a right turn, and I remember He spoke to me and He said to me, He said, "Brandon, there are great, sobering days that are coming to this world.
" I said, "Yes, Lord.
" He said, "But what do you do if they're sober?
What's the opposite of sober?
" I said, "Drunk, Lord.
" He said, "That's right.
Be filled with the Holy Ghost to bubbling, bubbling, bubbling over.
If you want to make it in the days ahead," He said, "and you want to be not moved by going horizontal and staying vertical, what do you have to do?
Be drunk in the Holy Ghost.
" And I told everybody that the spirit of the Lord said to me when I was driving down I-35, He said, "Brandon, you must be filled with the Holy Ghost to overflowing every single day.
And if you don't have a foundation of Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 and understand who you are, fearful sights will get you.
Things will shake you to the core.
And many people," He said, "that claim to be saying, 'Lord, Lord,' will be like, 'Where did God go?
I don't want anything to do with this because my mom died,' or whoever.
" You know what I'm saying?
They get upset when they go through the olive press when things happen because they didn't understand their authority.
And I've warned you about the babies across the land.
And He told me, even with the dry bones, the valley of the bones in Ezekiel, He told me that two prayer times ago that it's time to speak to the bones.
It's time to decree a thing.
"Say bones, can these bones live?
Can these bones live, Brandon?
" "Yes.
Yes, they can, Lord.
" "Then speak to the bones.
" And it's not "the dead in Christ will rise first.
" That's not what He was talking to and telling me in the vision.
People say, "Well, that's dead in Christ.
" No, no, no, no, no.
He's talking about spiritually dead people, lukewarm.
He said, "I'd rather you be hot or cold.
For if you're lukewarm, I will spew you out of my mouth.
" He's talking about the people who are living in compromise.
He said in the days ahead, there will be a great shaking, a great shaking.
Many people do not realize the great shaking that is coming.
A great shaking to awaken.
And they will call this a great Ichabod.
Why?
Because their hearts weren't full of faith and the anointing of bubbling, bubbling over.
They didn't realize who they were in Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, that He said He would provide a place of protection and refuge for you because you don't have a backbone like a crowbar.
Who do I blame?
I blame the preachers that don't preach repentance and teach you how to stand on the word of God.
I rebuke you in the name of Jesus is what I want to tell them.
It's time to get serious about the Father's business.
It's time to get serious as we see all the things that the Lord has warned us to pray about: wars and rumors of wars, the great shaking to awaken.
Are we at that timeframe?
I have no idea, folks.
All I see is the parts of the vision.
I have people get flat-out annoyed and say, 'I believe that Emmanuel Macron is the antichrist.
I believe this, I believe that.
' That's your opinion.
But I'm telling you what I've seen by the Holy Spirit.
I've seen it by the Holy Ghost.
I'm not making a guess; I've seen it in visions and dreams and things.
The Holy Ghost has warned me that Emmanuel Macron will rise up in the days ahead.
Remember what I'm telling you: Emmanuel Macron will rise up in the days ahead like a Hitler.
I don't know how; this is what I saw.
And the Lord said to me, 'He is an Ishmael to the Isaac.
For the Isaac is being groomed.
' The Antichrist is being groomed behind a curtain as we speak—being groomed.
And I saw four big devils speaking in his ear, combing his hair, and grooming his face.
They were touching his face and they looked like lizard people.
They had long tails and they were grooming him, and all of a sudden those critters started spinning around him like a top, like a whirlwind, and they were moving from his feet to his head.
They were going up and down his body like a small tornado, and they were grooming him—the man behind the curtain.
I know I say a lot and I say it really fast, but I'm just real.
I want you all, you know, and I'm not saying I have it all right.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, you missed it.
You missed it.
' Okay, whatever.
I do my best.
I am just like an umpire.
Like this Jewish man that came to church on Wednesday said.
He said, 'Brandon, you're just like an umpire.
This is what I saw.
' And the Lord told me, and an umpire, no matter how many of the hecklers in the stands say, 'You missed the call, ump!
'—the ump just calls it just how he sees it.
The umpire just calls it just how he sees it.
But it's through his filter that he makes the call that says what it is to make the play of the game.
But you may have seen it from a different angle, and you're in the stands yelling at the umpire saying, 'You're a fool, ump!
You didn't hear it right.
You didn't see it right.
' And all the ump is doing is saying exactly what he saw so he can call the play of the game.
And many of you are hecklers in the stands, and that's fine.
The ump just does his job and then goes home.
That's just my job.
I'm calling the shot, saying what God told me to say, and it's through the filter of what I saw.
But I pray every single one of you give your heart to Jesus Christ before it's too late.
Many of you are right on the fence.
Many of you don't realize that you won't wake up the next day.
There's a lot of you that are living in a compromising lifestyle and you think that you're right with the Lord, and you're not.
It's time to come home.
It's time to make Jesus Christ your Lord and personal Savior and get off the fence.
It's time for you to sell out and be all-in.
Are you all-in?
Are you going to keep riding the fence?
'Well, I'll come to Jesus later on, Brandon.
I like living the way I want to live.
I like doing what I like to do, party now and get saved later.
' But you don't realize that this might be your last opportunity to serve the Lord Jesus Christ.
You might not wake up tomorrow.
You might not make it home driving home from work.
None of us are promised tomorrow.
We all believe that with long life He would satisfy us and show us His salvation.
We all believe that we'll have tomorrow and 'I'm going to live a long, ripe old age.
' But I'm going to tell you, there were many people that tied their shoes going to work that day, but the undertaker took them off on the way home.
It's time to get right with the Lord today.
Many of you, like I just said, went to work tying your shoes, but the undertaker, the coroner, the morgue took them off on the way home, and you didn't make it home.
I want you to really search your heart today.
I want you to search your heart as we see and we hear all these things happening.
I just know it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
It's appointed unto man once to die.
And I want you to say this prayer after me.
It's a simple prayer.
It doesn't have to be all religious, folks.
It doesn't have to be hyperspiritual.
It's just something that's from your heart, okay?
Now you just say it with me.
Just say this little prayer and I believe today you're going to give your heart to Jesus.
I believe you're going to get born again, okay?
Say this: 'Father, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died and You rose again on the third day.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
The Bible says, 'If I confess my sins, You are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
' I need a Savior.
I want You to be my Lord and personal Savior right now.
Forgive me, Jesus.
' The Bible says all have sinned and fallen short of the glory, so I repent of it.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me today.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm going to go to heaven as of today.
I'll serve You all the days of my life.
Now, that's it.
You repented.
You confessed your sins.
You told the Lord all that.
It's underneath the blood.
The Bible says when you confess your sins, He's faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
But not only that, He says your sins are as far from you as the east is from the west, and He casts them into the sea of forgetfulness.
So all your past failures, all your past is gone.
It's washed in the blood.
He doesn't hold it against you anymore.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory over sin.
He paid the price for you to walk in healing, deliverance, all these things.
Jesus paid the price for you, and today you accepted what He did by grace.
You receive it by grace.
'Jesus, I receive what You did by grace today.
' Now you say, 'What do I do, Brother Brandon?
' Well, watch this channel, for one.
Come and pray with us.
Get plugged into a good, Bible-believing church.
Go there, tell them you got saved.
Join some small groups or some kind of classes about being a Christian.
Get plugged in there.
Go to a good, radical church.
Don't get plugged into some weak, old, dried-up church that doesn't teach the Word.
Pray and ask the Holy Spirit.
Say, 'Holy Spirit...
' At the moment you got born again, you're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Remember that He's inside of you, and I believe He'll lead and guide you into all things.
He'll teach you and tell you where to go.
If you live in our area, you can go to Collinsville.
There's a lot of places here in Tulsa you can go.
But I'm just saying you need to get plugged in somewhere and tell that pastor, 'I need to get water baptized.
I need to get water baptized.
I made the decision on YouTube to give my heart to Jesus, and I want to get radically baptized with water.
' Read your Bible every day, and pray and seek Him every day.
And I'm telling you, the best is yet to come.
Now, I'm not telling you everything's just going to get better.
Just like a toddler, we fall down and we scrape our knees.
But as a toddler, we stand up, we brush it off, and we keep going.
So if you fall again and you mess up, stand up like a toddler, brush your knees off, and keep going.
If the devil comes to remind you of your past and say, 'Well, you're a so-and-so.
Look at all the things you used to do.
Now you think you're a Christian.
You're not a real Christian.
Look at all...
' remind him of his future.
'Satan, you're going to burn in hell for eternity.
Just letting you know your day is coming, buddy.
' All your little devils and all your demons and all your imps that you control, there's a day that's coming.
Judgment's coming for you.
What does the Bible say?
'What sins are you talking about?
I don't remember them anymore.
From the book of life, they've all been torn out.
' That's an old song.
'What sins are you talking about?
I don't remember them anymore.
' I love that.
And it says when you get baptized, you say, 'I bathed in that beautiful, beautiful pool.
I bathed in that beautiful pool.
The river of life has cleansed my soul.
' I start to cry; it means a lot to me.
Relationship with Him is everything.
I'm so excited that you gave your heart to Jesus today.
I really am.
If you need a Bible, Diana and I will send you a Bible for free.
You say, 'I can't afford a Bible.
I don't have a Bible.
I gave my heart to Jesus today.
Brandon, I need a Bible.
' Diana and I will send you one from Amazon.
You just give us your address.
Email us in the description down below, and email us there.
It's a safe link.
Go there, tell them, 'I just gave my heart to Jesus and I need a Bible.
' Diana and I will send it to you, a New King James Version or whatever you would like to have.
We'll send it to you.
We pay for it.
We just want to celebrate with you your decision today.
We just want to celebrate the decision you made today.
We love when new converts come to Jesus, and this is our way of just saying welcome to the family.
Welcome to the family.
So if you need a Bible, you just tell us in the email.
Don't do it—you can tell everybody and we'll rejoice with you in the description, but do not put your address in there because we've got some scammers that follow this channel, and they try to rip people off with money and stuff.
So remember again, we don't ever ask you for anything.
We never ask you for a dime.
We do this freely.
We love the Lord, and this is our ministry to you.
We've been given freely, we give it out.
And God is so faithful to always take care of Diana and me.
And we're so thankful for every single one of you that's a part of this YouTube channel.
So if you want to do that, you want to tell us you got born again, tell us down below.
We want to rejoice with you.
There are so many seasoned believers on this channel that want to rejoice with you today, okay?
So we just want to give you a shout-out.
Say, 'Good job.
Praise the Lord for your decision.
' Okay.
Braden is behind the camera now.
We get excited about it.
Yes.
So, all right.
Well, let's take our communion as we pray.
We're going to pray for things and see if the Lord shows us anything new today.
I had to rush prayer last time because the air conditioning man was coming.
But today I'll try to do this a little longer tonight.
Okay, it's the same day, but we just did two videos in one day.
So I told Braden, I said, 'After this, at least we'll be caught up on some things.
' Well, praise the Lord.
Hallelujah.
So, let's take this body, believers.
This is what we do.
I believe in the power of communion.
I believe that Jesus Christ died and rose again on the third day.
But not only that, He gave the victory to us.
We have victory.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory.
And Father, I just thank You, Lord, for the body that was broken and bruised.
And Father, You said in Your word that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Father, You said in Your word that by Your stripes, we are healed.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, that You became sickness for me from the top of my head to the soles of my feet.
Lord, I thank You that I'm healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take authority over the satanic attacks that have been trying to come against us.
And we thank You, Lord, that whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And we take this in the name of Jesus.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory today—no sickness, no disease.
Now, Father, we plead the blood over us.
Father, we make much of the blood today, and the blood makes much of us.
Over our minds, over our bodies, over our spirits, our souls, our minds, our wills, our emotions.
I plead the blood of Jesus over the attacks over finances.
I command in the name of Jesus, Satan, you release it and let it go.
I plead the blood of Jesus all around it.
I call back double everything you stole.
I call back double in the name of Jesus.
And Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over our house.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our finances.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our health, over our marriage, over our children.
That's what I do.
I plead the blood.
I make much of the blood.
The blood never loses its power.
The blood is what speaks for me in the throne room.
I do this every day when I come before Him.
I do it every day.
I don't make it a habit; I don't do it as religious.
I do it for a relationship.
So, Father, we thank You, Lord, for the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And you say, 'Boy, you take communion a lot.
' I sure do, because I believe in it.
I believe in it.
It's not a religious act.
Most people think it's religious, but no, it is relationship, folks.
It is relationship.
See, I'll show you.
I take communion so much, I've got cups everywhere because I just believe in the meal that heals.
Braden takes it.
Diana, Paisley, and Megan—we try to train her.
Megan is starting to learn.
'By His stripes, I am healed,' and she says that now.
We're so excited.
We've been teaching her scripture.
Megan is overcoming autism, but God's doing a work in her, and we know that she's going to be on here soon telling you about the goodness of God.
And Megan is in there every day.
She goes, 'I am healed.
I am healed.
' And before we even prompt her to say it, she starts saying it.
She says, 'By His stripes, I am healed.
' And then she goes, 'Good night.
' I said, 'Yes!
That's it.
Keep saying it.
I am healed.
' And Diana said if I can get her to say that all throughout the day—'I am healed.
I am healed'—it's coming out of her mouth.
I said if the best thing we can do is to teach her how to say scripture, we get that root down inside of her.
'The word is working mightily in me.
' It works.
The word will work if you work it.
Do you either believe it or you don't?
There are no shortcuts.
A lot of people want a shortcut—victim mentality.
Everybody's been dealt the measure of faith.
Everybody has.
But it's what you do with what you've been given by working it.
'The word is working mightily in me.
The word is working mightily in me.
' Do you believe that today?
That's what I believe for Megan.
By His stripes, she is healed in Jesus' name.
Then she'll go, 'I have the mind of Christ.
' That's what she says: 'I have the mind of Christ.
' That's what she kept saying.
Second Timothy 1:7 is what she's quoting.
'I have the mind of Christ.
I have the mind of Christ.
' So she goes around the house saying that now.
'I have the mind of Christ.
' And you prompt her and say, 'Hey, Megan,' and she'll yell out through the house, 'I have the mind of Christ!
' I'm so proud of Diana teaching that to her.
She keeps working at it.
She keeps working at it when brushing her teeth.
Diana works at it.
'I have the mind of Christ.
' I believe it.
There will be a day, I'm telling you all, that my little girl comes on here and says that Jesus Christ healed her and that she is living proof of it.
I know it's already been done, folks.
We're just resisting the symptoms.
I appreciate every one of you trying to help us.
There are so many people trying to tell us, 'You do this, you do that, you do this.
' I get it.
You're just trying to help.
But ultimately, where we're at, we believe the word works mightily in me.
The word is working mightily in me.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God.
So, I'm going to pray in the spirit.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes, over my spiritual eyes, and over my ears.
I hear your voice, Lord, and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
I bind any kind of satanic or demonic force that would try to come against me, try to mess with any interference, or try to snare me by any familiar spirits or anything.
I only hear and see what the Spirit of the Lord has me to see and hear in the name of Jesus.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, as we press in and pray, we seek your face and you said we would find you.
Hallelujah.
Everything's going to change.
I hear it.
Everything as you know it is about to change.
We pray a hedge of protection over President Trump.
We pray a hedge around his children.
Amen.
We pray a hedge of protection around Trump, over his children, over Vance, over this period, over these summer months.
Y'all press in real hard right now if you can.
Strategic protection by angelic forces.
We call strategic protection all around him.
Always have the Secret Service on guard and at attention doing their best.
No lackadaisical, not lax, not putting their guard down.
Always heightened attention.
An urgency about the hour.
Everything will change in a 24-hour period.
Everything is going to change.
I see it in a 24-hour period.
Everything...
You all really need to pray in the Holy Ghost right over this.
I know you are, but I'm not allowed to say what I'm seeing out loud right now.
I'll just keep saying this: We pray a hedge of protection around President Trump.
We pray a hedge of protection around him with angels drawn around him, around the Washington, D.
C.
area.
We pray a hedge of protection around Washington, D.
C.
Not only that, but every plot, every evil, wicked plan, Father, to be uncovered and revealed in the name of Jesus.
All hidden things be revealed and exposed.
We call an exposing from any deep plots of wickedness from government.
It's hot outside.
There are mosquitoes.
There are lightning bugs.
The leaves are on the trees.
It's about 90 degrees outside, maybe a little hotter.
I'm taken clear into 2026 now.
I'm in the summer of 2026.
People say, 'How do you know that?
How do you know that you're there, Braden?
' I saw a calendar flash before my eyes and I went all the way through the fall, all the way through the winter, all the way through the spring, and I parked in around June and July and it stopped.
I could see the calendar and I could see all the months coming before my eyes.
The pressure.
Oh, God.
We have so much work to be done.
For these are the days of great fun.
When you get to this point, to this year, 2026, the summer of 2026, things look so much different than they do even right now.
America looks so much different than what it does right now.
The economy, I see it.
I see the black.
I see the storm.
I see the darkness.
But I see a light on an American flag.
Now, I want you to hear this.
It's one of those flags that go half circle.
It's a half flag with American flag print that goes in a half circle.
And I see it on white buildings.
It looks like the Capitol.
I can only tell you the atmosphere of what I feel from all of this, that America is at a crossroads.
Great decisions are being made.
Great change is ahead.
I see the blessing and the wealth transfer on the people.
The storm is still out there toward the east, but it's like it's being held back.
And I see patriotism.
The Lord said right then, he just spoke, he said, 'It's the window, Brandon.
It's the window.
You're looking into the window, the window of opportunity that I told you I'd give you.
' I'm like, 'What is all this that I'm seeing?
' He just summed it up for me.
Thank you.
He said, 'This is the window, buddy.
' That's it.
The window.
We have a window, Braden.
I'm looking into the window and I think, 'What is this?
Why am I seeing all this?
' Praise the Lord, Braden.
Praise the Lord.
This requires much prayer.
That's why he raised up this channel.
He says, 'This requires much prayer.
' I see the doves again, twirling and dispersing over the earth.
I see them again.
I remember what happens after that, Braden.
I see the doves again, twirling, fluttering down like a cyclone, falling down, fluttering down, and they go over the earth.
I see it again.
I see the darkness on the east.
I see the darkness on the east, Braden.
I see the darkness and I see the light shining upon those birds and they're glistening.
Four birds.
I don't know if that represents north, south, east, and west.
I don't know.
Four birds.
Because it's not the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost.
What is the four birds?
Lord, the greatest harvest of souls is upon you.
The greatest outpouring of my spirit is upon you going into 2026.
There are great opportunities here with the window opening.
Praying into this, praying into these great shakings.
Some of these things are going to shake America.
So, we pray for the safety of his family.
We pray for the safety of Trump.
We pray for the safety of the vice presidents, and for our senators, our congressmen, all of them.
There's a lot that will change with prayer, with what's going on in Ukraine, with what's going on in China.
Folks, we are in a very pivotal state right now.
We're at a very pivotal place in history.
If the history books are being written today, we're at a place we've never been before.
Thank you, Father.
I appreciate your prayers more now than ever as I relay this stuff for protection for me and my family.
I know I didn't say much and it was on purpose, the Lord wouldn't allow me to, but what I carry is very heavy.
I know his yoke is easy and his burden is light.
But folks, sometimes when you see some of the things I see, I go, 'Oh my goodness.
' A great shaking to awaken is about to happen.
A great shaking to awaken, for many are asleep.
We put angels around and about the Trump Towers and his children and his hotels and his Mar-a-Lago and all the places.
We put angels around and about them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
I see the Mississippi River again.
I see the Mississippi River.
It's the harvest time, Braden.
I see it.
We have so many enemies.
Oh, Father, as for me and my house, we will serve you, Father, and we're always in the right place at the right time.
We're always in the right place at the right time.
I see the gardens again.
I see people making gardens, living off the land, living off of what they can have.
I see gardens again.
I'll not forget whenever the Lord showed me all the tractors, and there were tractors all around, and the fields were tilled but they were not planted.
There were the John Deeres, the major tractors, the combines; all of them were standing idly still in the fields, and they weren't moving.
And I heard, "There's no water.
There's no water.
" But this is like gardens again, like homestead gardens.
Pray.
We pray for divine wisdom for Trump, the Mississippi River coming out of New Orleans.
I see the sycamores again.
I see the barges.
I see a lazy barge.
I see the sycamores; the trees have leaves.
I see the sun.
It's in the afternoon, maybe a little later.
That might be around five or six in the afternoon.
It's right here, shining from the west.
So in the evening, it's shining on the trees.
I see the shadows.
They should watch the Mississippi.
I don't know what year this is, so I don't always try to tell you what I just saw.
It's the summer months.
It's the time of the harvest.
For so much pride, so much arrogance as they stiff-neck toward me and their noses are turned toward me.
There's such a stiff-neckedness of America.
Pride has set in.
But my remnant, oh, the prayers from the remnant!
But you say, "For what you're about to see, is it God's judgment?
" It's not his judgment.
This is a getting of attention.
For many, many, many are asleep.
For many, many, many will soon be awake.
He says, "I'm in San Francisco again.
I'm all the way up through the Cascadia subduction zone, all the way through British Columbia.
I see it again, clear as crystal, Braden.
" Surely all these things don't happen at once, Father.
He's just highlighting these areas to me and then it just stops.
It's like the vision.
It's almost like a memory; it flashes and I see the area, and then it fades.
He's showing me these things that he showed me over years, and I'm like, "What in the world?
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We glorify your name, Father.
" I dance slow tonight, folks, on purpose.
Get your houses in order.
He's given us a window.
Everything as you know it will change.
A humbling will come, a great shaking will come.
Many won't receive it.
I just saw Noah's ark again.
He says, "Remember as in the days of Noah, Noah warned them and warned them what was coming.
But then the floodwaters came.
The ark door is closing, and many are not on.
" Have you provided?
Many people's faces come before me right now.
Some things will not be prayed away.
That's what he said.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
An omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, I hear him.
He said, "The cup of sin is full.
Don't you see?
" I see the darkness upon their land.
It almost looks like black tar.
And in the midst of it, it's splitting, and you can see this red coming up from it.
It's like hell itself.
And it's cracking, and you can see like lava coming up through this black tar.
And I'm looking over, and I see San Francisco right now.
I see the coastline of Oregon.
I see Seattle.
God, I see that this area is full of darkness.
He said, "Many of you are in Sodom and you don't even realize it, for a great shaking is about to take place.
For the cup of sin is full, and I am going to humble this land.
And out of it will come a great revival, and out of it will come a refreshing, a great revival.
" There's a humbling coming for the stiff-necked, for the nose turned up toward me, and I will humble this land from sea to sea.
For I would desire that not one should perish, but all come to repentance.
But your attention is about to be got.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
The message will not be received in many churches.
They're the problem.
The press of the olive press—many don't like the threshing floor.
Many don't like the press, but press is coming.
And you say, "Does this have just to do with America?
" No.
But I'm dealing with America and I'm dealing with England.
I see England.
He's dealing with Australia.
He will deal with these lands.
Now, it's interesting because they all have the same kind of flags: red, white, blue.
I see their flags come up before me.
I want to end this video right now.
I don't want to do this anymore.
Oh Father, we repent.
Get your house in order.
You say, "What does that mean?
" Well, I don't know.
What does that mean for you?
I'm not your Holy Ghost.
It's not my responsibility for your house.
I feel his anger toward this, and I tremble inside.
Thank you, Father.
I know this video is heavy for me—at least it is because I'm carrying it, and I'm tired.
I need to take a break.
I appreciate you all being here today.
I truly don't know what to do with it.
I just sit here in the quiet.
Pushing through this is very intense for me.
If you could just like the video, subscribe, and click the notification bell, we really appreciate it.
I'm going to get off here.
I appreciate every single one of you.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
Pray for America.
Goodbye.